Update MA0016.md (#736)
meziantou/Meziantou.Analyzer: docs/Rules/MA0016.md

public void Method(Dictionary<string, string> arg) {} // non-compliant
````

> The analyzer detects `List<T>`, `HashSet<T>`, `Dictionary<TKey,TValue>`, and `System.Collections.ObjectModel.Collection<T>`. The rules are disabled if the property is decorated with an XML serialization attribute.

Reviewer: There's only one rule (MA0016), so should be singular

```suggestion
The analyzer detects `List<T>`, `HashSet<T>`, `Dictionary<TKey,TValue>`, and `System.Collections.ObjectModel.Collection<T>`. The rule is disabled if the property is decorated with an XML serialization attribute.
```
